compiled_starters/go/README.md, before:

![progress-banner](https://codecrafters.io/landing/images/default_progress_banners/grep.png)

This is a starting point for Go solutions to the
["Build Your Own grep" Challenge](https://app.codecrafters.io/courses/grep/overview).

[Regular expressions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_expression)
(Regexes, for short) are patterns used to match character combinations in
strings. [`grep`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grep) is a CLI tool for
searching using Regexes.

In this challenge you'll build your own implementation of `grep`. Along the way
we'll learn about Regex syntax, how parsers/lexers work, and how regular
expressions are evaluated.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to
[codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your `grep` implementation is in `app/main.go`. Study and
uncomment the relevant code, and push your changes to pass the first stage:

```sh
git commit -am "pass 1st stage" # any msg
git push origin master
```

Time to move on to the next stage!

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `go (1.25)` installed locally
1. Run `./your_program.sh` to run your program, which is implemented in
   `app/main.go`.
1. Commit your changes and run `git push origin master` to submit your solution
   to CodeCrafters. Test output will be streamed to your terminal.

Commit message:

Update course-template to latest language versions and starter codes

compiled_starters/go/README.md, after:

<!-- This file will serve as a template for README.md in all language starters -->
<!-- Sample README.md is given below (For the "Build Your own Claude Code" challenge) -->
<!-- Please change this according the to course -->

![progress-banner](https://codecrafters.io/landing/images/default_progress_banners/claude-code.png)

This is a starting point for Go solutions to the
["Build Your own Claude Code" Challenge](https://codecrafters.io/challenges/claude-code).

Claude Code is an AI coding assistant that uses Large Language Models (LLMs) to
understand code and perform actions through tool calls. In this challenge,
you'll build your own Claude Code from scratch by implementing an LLM-powered
coding assistant.

Along the way you'll learn about HTTP RESTful APIs, OpenAI-compatible tool
calling, agent loop, and how to integrate multiple tools into an AI assistant.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to
[codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your `claude-code` implementation is in `app/main.go`. Study
and uncomment the relevant code, and submit to pass the first stage:

```sh
codecrafters submit
```

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `go (1.25)` installed locally.
2. Run `./your_program.sh` to run your program, which is implemented in
   `app/main.go`.
3. Run `codecrafters submit` to submit your solution to CodeCrafters. Test
   output will be streamed to your terminal.
