starter_templates/all/code/README.md, before:

<!-- This file will serve as a template for README.md in all language starters --> 
<!-- Sample README.md is given below (For the "Build Your own Claude Code" challenge) -->
<!-- Please change this according the to course -->

![progress-banner](https://codecrafters.io/landing/images/default_progress_banners/claude-code.png)

This is a starting point for {{language_name}} solutions to the ["Build Your own Claude Code" Challenge](https://codecrafters.io/challenges/claude-code).

Claude Code is an AI coding assistant that uses Large Language Models (LLMs) to understand code and perform actions through tool calls. In this challenge, you'll build your own Claude Code from scratch by implementing an LLM-powered coding assistant.

Along the way you'll learn about HTTP RESTful APIs, OpenAI-compatible tool calling, agent loop, and how to integrate multiple tools into an AI assistant.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to [codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your `claude-code` implementation is in `{{ user_editable_file }}`. Study and uncomment the relevant code, and submit to pass the first stage:

```sh
codecrafters submit
```

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `{{ required_executable }}` installed locally.
2. Run `./your_program.sh` to run your program, which is implemented in
   `{{ user_editable_file }}`.{{# language_is_rust }} This command compiles your
   Rust project, so it might be slow the first time you run it. Subsequent runs
   will be fast.{{/ language_is_rust}}
1. Run `codecrafters submit` to submit your solution
   to CodeCrafters. Test output will be streamed to your terminal.

Commit message:

Remove README.md from starter code and added a comment for usage

starter_templates/all/code/README.md, after:

<!-- This file will serve as a template for README.md in all language starters --> 
<!-- Sample README.md is given below (For the "Build Your own Claude Code" challenge) -->
<!-- Please change this according the to course -->
<!-- After updating this README.md file -->
<!-- Run `course-sdk compile python` -->
<!-- Run `course-sdk compile go` -->
<!-- Run `course-sdk compile rust` -->
<!-- To include this README.md files in the existing language starters -->
<!-- `course-sdk compile <language>` will automatically insert this readme file in the corresponding language's starter files -->

![progress-banner](https://codecrafters.io/landing/images/default_progress_banners/claude-code.png)

This is a starting point for {{language_name}} solutions to the ["Build Your own Claude Code" Challenge](https://codecrafters.io/challenges/claude-code).

Claude Code is an AI coding assistant that uses Large Language Models (LLMs) to understand code and perform actions through tool calls. In this challenge, you'll build your own Claude Code from scratch by implementing an LLM-powered coding assistant.

Along the way you'll learn about HTTP RESTful APIs, OpenAI-compatible tool calling, agent loop, and how to integrate multiple tools into an AI assistant.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to [codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your `claude-code` implementation is in `{{ user_editable_file }}`. Study and uncomment the relevant code, and submit to pass the first stage:

```sh
codecrafters submit
```

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `{{ required_executable }}` installed locally.
2. Run `./your_program.sh` to run your program, which is implemented in
   `{{ user_editable_file }}`.{{# language_is_rust }} This command compiles your
   Rust project, so it might be slow the first time you run it. Subsequent runs
   will be fast.{{/ language_is_rust}}
1. Run `codecrafters submit` to submit your solution
   to CodeCrafters. Test output will be streamed to your terminal.
